You took a second look and said that Yuan Shi had been manipulated.
You are better than the front line. In fact, it is replenishing.
is very easy. Before raw materials enter the market,
Just cut the omen first.
It’s obvious whether it’s good material or not.
If it is scrap, use special public welfare to occupy the original material.
This kind of hand clothing is called Bu Shi.
If I remember correctly, your Wang family often does this kind of thing at the border.
How could the Wang family do such a thing? Yes,
Isn’t that just sparing the market? You have to love your car.
Loves to bully people. Don't talk nonsense, our Wang family has never done anything like this.
He really set up a disaster
I wish you a pretty face
Make it impossible for him to survive in Yushengjin
I'm so busy, I have such a loud tone
You really don’t take me, Zhao Chunxue, seriously.
Don't use the name of the president of your Royal Master Association, afternoon person.
That king of the world often heard of the sea coming to transport his imperial masters.
Do you really suspect it’s the Wang family?
What the Wang family did wrong was serious business
How could you do such an unethical thing?
Are you reporting this on purpose?
Yes or no, our ceremony has deteriorated